Add API links as tips (#1161)
hazelcast/hz-docs: docs/modules/clients/pages/cplusplus.adoc

:page-api-reference: http://hazelcast.github.io/hazelcast-cpp-client/{page-latest-supported-cplusplus-client}/index.html
[[c-client]]

> TIP: For latest C{plus}{plus} API documentation, see http://hazelcast.github.io/hazelcast-cpp-client/{page-latest-supported-cplusplus-client}/index.html[Hazelcast C++ Client docs].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TIP: For the latest C{plus}{plus} API documentation, refer to the http://hazelcast.github.io/hazelcast-cpp-client/{page-latest-supported-cplusplus-client}/index.html[Hazelcast C++ Client, window=_blank] documentation.
```
